DAN: Marucho, Drago and I were on a mission
to save New Vestroia.
We joined up with the Bakugan Battle Brawlers Resistance.
Mira... Ace... And Baron.
So we can battle the Vexos and free the Bakugan!
But first Drago and I had to prove ourselves
to the Resistance's hotshot Brawler; Ace!
Now we just have to smash all three Dimension Controllers
to free the Bakugan!
How hard can that be?
Next stop, Alpha City, New Vestroia!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set.
Ability activate!
Burning Dragon!
[roar]
Not so fast, \"master\".
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Skid Roa!
Give me your best shot!
[roar]
Ha ha!
[whistles] That's enough!
Why do you get so psyched over practice?
They get psyched over everything.
And why not?
I love to brawl...
Right Drago?
DRAGO: Truer words were never spoken.
That was awesome, Master Dan!
I freaked when you pulled out Burning Dragon.
You had some pretty good moves...
You really had me on my toes there.
I'm next in line for a little practice, alright?
Hey, sounds good to me.
DRAGO: It would be an honour.
[chatter]
Hey guys. What's everybody talking about, huh?
DAN: ...we've got to be in major shape.
And that doesn't just mean practicing.
It means pushing each other to the limit every time.
[THINKING]: Preyas, I miss you so much.
[laughter]
Don't worry Preyas...
I'll win you back.
I just need to find a Bakugan
who will battle with me...
But where?
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers
in \"Marucho's Mission\".
[\u266a]
MYLENE: What useless Bakugan, you are.
Beg all you want.
It's no use.
I can't be bothered to keep you...
Now be gone.
Please have mercy on us, Mylene!
JELLDAN: We're just little Baku...
Ow!
Now that I've finally put out the garbage...
I think I'm in the mood for a little Bakugan hunting.
Don't just stand there.
Prepare for my departure, you fools!
[\u266a]
It's not stealing...
if I bring it back.
[THINKING]: Please forgive me, everybody,
but I can't go on just watching as all of you fight
to save New Vestroia.
I can't stand being the only one who can't help.
Somewhere out there is a Bukugan
who will be my partner.
And I'm going to find him!
[groaning] I'm so hungry.
I wish I'd packed a lunch.
Preyas, are you there?
I'm always by your side, Marucho,
so hang in there...
Hang in there...
Hang in there.
I miss you Preyas!
Okay!
I promise to find a new Bakugan partner
so I can save you and the others.
PREYAS: We'll be waiting.
What's that?
There's got to be something I can eat around here,
but where?
This place is weirding me out.
I feel like I'm being watched.
A Bakugan!
Ahh!
Somebody help me!
Is there anybody around who can help me?
Well, well, what do we have here?
It doesn't look like a rabbit.
Oh it's just a child.
What is it doing wandering around Elfin's forest?
Hello there...
I'm Marucho.
I'm looking for something to eat.
Marucho. That's a funny name.
Not nearly as pretty as Elfin.
Oh... Elfin?
You're right.
That's a prettier name than Marucho.
Flatterer.
Wait.
Where have I heard that name before?
Marucho. Oh... I know!
Did you have a Bukugan named Preyas?
[gasp] How do you know Preyas?
DAN: Maybe I didn't hear you right.
We have to go look for Marucho!
We just don't have time to go looking for a deserter...
He's history now.
Deserter?
You're gonna pay for that!
Come on, chill.
DRAGO: Calm down, Dan.
Maucho's no deserter.
Look! He took a gauntlet.
That means he's going to come back.
When I see it.
Ace!
MIRA: Dan, we all understand how you feel.
But right now we have more pressing priorities
than finding Marucho...
We must focus...
on Destroying the Dimension Controller at Alpha...
DAN: Don't underestimate Marucho.
He'll be back with a new Aquos Bakugan.
Thank you for the delicious lunch but could you tell me
how you know Preyas?
Before he was taken by the Vestel people,
he told me all about Earth and the Battle Brawlers.
He was my Bakugan...
And my best friend.
Oooh that Preyas was a real charmer.
It was love at first sight.
My name is Preyas and I'm here to rock your world!
Oh he was so dreamy...
It sounds like Preyas is popular.
Everyone was very sad when he was captured.
And that left the Wantu vulnerable to attack
so I've had to take over their protection.
MARUCHO: The Wantu?
Yes, the little Bakugan of the forest.
I wish Preyas was here.
I know...
Elfin, I need a favour from you.
A favour?
What is it?
I need to battle the Vexos and save New Vestroia...
Will you be my partner?
What?
Come on.
We'd be great together, don't you think?
You're not exactly what I had in mind.
Let's save Preyas.
[\u266a]
Umm... I don't think so.
Whaaaa?
You're not exactly what I imagined
in a partner, Marucho.
Hi!
My name is Marucho
And I'll rock your world!
That's way too smooth for me Elfin.
I'm holding out for a battle brawler
who's super good looking
and knows how to show a Bakugan a real good time!
Good time?
But this is what Preyas would want.
How do you know?
Preyas and I are as close as a Bakugan and Brawler can be...
He's counting on me to save the Bakugan.
Since you put it that way...
Okay, if you pass the tests
I'll think about a temporary partnership.
What tests?
Oh, nothing too strenuous.
Your first test will be to stop the driftwood
before it falls into the river.
Oh... Okay...
[screaming]
ELFIN: Ooops.
Not so good at that one.
The next test...
is all about speed.
Dodge these flowers.
Flowers?
I give up!
ELFIN: Not so good on that one either.
You tried you best Marucho.
But it just wasn't good enough.
So why don't you just give up?
[crying]
Guy tears. Gotta go.
I won't give up.
I'll never give up...
I'm a Bakugan Brawler and I'll save Preyas.
Really...?
[gasp] Trouble.
ELFIN: Uh oh.
There better be a few powerful Bakugans here.
MARUCHO: Stop it!
Stop it right now!
ELFIN: Give me back those Bakugan!
Yes...
MARUCHO: Don't touch that remote, Brawlers!
DAN: It's Bakugan Brawl time!
[Mylene chuckling]
Well, well, well.
What have we got here?
A human...
and a little Bakugan with a big mouth.
Better than these small fry?
Leave them alone, you witch!
Those aren't warrior Bakugan!
[chuckles] You're right.
They're weak.
And useless.
Did you see that?
She can't get away with this!
All talk, no action.
ELFIN: You want action?
You got it!
We'll take you on!
You mean you changed your mind
about being partners, Elfin?
Well, sort of...
I mean, just this one time so we can teach
Miss Snarkypants a lesson...
A Bakugan Brawl with us
will wipe that smug smile off her face.
You are good, right?
MARUCHO: Of course I am!
Yeah, let's go!
Whoa, Marucho!
Um, don't you want to scan your partner's data first?
Oh right, sorry.
Scan Bakugan data.
These are all your stats, Elfin?
You're really amazing!
Oh, I'm not so impressive.
[THINKING]: Intriguing.
I'll just have to take the Bakugan and find out more.
Ready!
Now you'll be sorry.
GAUNTLET: Gauntlet activated.
BOTH: Gauntlet... Power Strike!
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Aquos Abis Omega!
Don't worry little Bakugan.
I'll make your defeat quick and painless.
Oh pleeease...
Ready to rock and roll Marucho?
You bet I'm ready, Elfin!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Sun, Wind and Rain Combine!
Let Aquos Elfin Appear Marucho!
There's still time to run away!
Oh wow, Elfin...
You are so awesome!
Thanks, Cutie Pie!
Let's see how tough you are...
in a battle.
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Dry World!
It's just a little mist...
And mist can't hurt an Aquos Attribute Bakugan
You're not very smart, are you?
Watch it! That's not just mist!
ELFIN: The water's all gone!
MYLENE: With Dry World active,
you can't use your Aquos Abilities...
But Abis Omega can still use his!
It looks like your hopes for victory
just dried up little Bakugan.
[roar]
Yeow! Watch where you're going!
Seriously!
Elfin, watch out!
I am so done with this!
Attribute Change Ventus!
Sun, Wind and Rain Combine!
Let Ventus Elfin Appear!
Nice try though!
Now she's changed to Ventus...
Abis Omega's Dry World ability is useless!
So you're an Attribute Changing Bakugan!
I like variety.
Come on.
Ability Activate!
Wing Mercury!
On wings of wind I strike!
Gotcha now!
That was incredible, Elfin!
Easy peasy!
That's okay. I like a challenge.
DAN: Still no sign of Marucho anywhere.
Like I said, he's a deserter.
I told you Ace...
Marucho is no coward!
Whoa! Look!
MIRA: That's... a Bakugan battle!
Attribute Change Darkus!
Let Darkus Elfin Appear so I can make you guys disappear!
GAUNTLET: Power Level even.
So it's Darkus this time my friend...
Interesting...
You just might be worth keeping once you lose...
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Aquos Clawser!
ELFIN: Combining Power Levels won't help you!
This won't take long...
Ability Activate! Power Merge!
[groaning]
I'm losing energy!
MYLENE: Power Merge allows both Clawser and Stug
to steal 100 from your Power Level.
And so... you're mine!
MARUCHO: I don't think so!
Ability Activate!
Go Twin Back!
[scream]
What do you know?
I feel like a new Bakugan!
Twin Back is an ability where any Power Level taken away
is returned times two!
[THINKING]: This human's not bad.
Who'd have thought?
And I'm not finished yet...
Ability Activate!
Moon Rainbow!
A unique ability?
It decreases opponent's Power Levels by 200
and increases Elfin's by 200!
Taa daa!
And now for my next trick!
Nothing up my sleeve...
Now disappear!
You really took them out there, Elfin!
You can change attributes to Aquos, Ventus and Darkus...
But can you stand this?
Gate Card Set!
I don't get it...
Her life meter is low but she's still confident...
What's that?
Trouble!
[thunder]
[chuckles]
I summon Trap Bakugan.
Aqua Tripod Theta!
[\u266a]
MYLENE: Tripod Theta is a powerful ancient Bakugan
long thought extinct.
But thanks to Vestel science we have revived him
as a Trap Bakugan.
Twisted.
Trap Bakugan?
We're not afraid of you!
Are we, Marucho?
Oh, right...
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Let Aquos Elfin appear...
Let's finish this!
MYLENE: Darkus Ability Activate.
Live Ripple!
What is this, a ghost story?
They're not ghosts, Elfin...
They're probably energy bodies.
Energy bodies?
MYLENE: Tripod Theta also has the power of Aquos,
Ventus and Darkus.
I have used its Darkus power to revive the energy bodies
of the Bakugan you've defeated.
Is anyone else creeped out here?
Elfin, wait!
What happened?
MYLENE: Energy Bakugan feed Trap Bakugan's power.
We can't win with a direct attack.
Says you.
I never lose, Marucho!
Hey Jumbo!
Let's dance!
Ability Activate!
Power Merge!
[screaming]
Elfin!
He's draining Elfin's power!
Got to stop it...
Maybe I can use Twin Back to reverse the flow!
Not so fast...
Ability Activate!
Octo Whip!
[screaming]
Marucho!
Now you are all mine, Elfin.
You will serve the Vexos.
It is inevitable.
MARUCHO: Nooooo!
I'm okay? Who turned the water off?
It can't be!
You're supposed to be crushed!
MARUCHO: I.. I made it just in time, Elfin.
M-Marucho!
You activated a defense ability when you should have run.
You saved me!
MARUCHO: Delta Marine Snow...
Only Aquos Elfin can use it.
I couldn't...
let them hurt you, Elfin.
Marucho! Wake up! You've got to be okay!
Risking his own life to save a silly Bakugan.
These humans are such imbeciles...
Take her.
You cannot continue without a Brawler.
Surrender to me now.
Who threw that?
[\u266a]
That light came from over here.
I'm getting tired of losing to you.
You could be useful...
Why don't you join the Vexos?
No? Then farewell.
Could that be...
my brother?
DAN: Marucho, are you okay?
Come on, talk to me buddy.
That you Dan?
Where am I?
The battle!
The battle's over.
She's gone.
Some Brawler took care of Mylene's Trap Bakugan.
That's good because Elfin was in trouble.
Oh no, Elfin!
Looks like I lost her too...
[groaning]
Marucho, you're awake.
I brought you some water.
Don't get-- Careful.
You're still here.
Uh, yeeeah...
But why?
Why do you think?
You said...
I know what I said.
But you think I'd leave my goofy partner all alone?
Your partner?
Preyas always said the most important thing in Brawling
isn't speed or strength, it's caring about your partner.
So I guess you passed the test.
For now, anyway.
But only until the Bakugan are free again.
Sure!
Way to go, Marucho.
You found a partner!
BARON: That's so cool, Master Marucho!
MARUCHO: You won't regret this.
You and I will make an amazing team.
Once I get you in shape...
Start with push-ups.
Drop and give me 50!
But you said power isn't important.
I have high standards.
I want you looking good and feeling good!
Got it?
And don't think I'm going to let you off easy
like Preyas obviously did.
You're going to be in tip-top shape!
DAN: Break time's over!
We've got a job to do.
But before we can head out to Alpha City, New Vestroia
a mysterious stranger tries to mess with my head.
Turns out it's Vexos Brawler Gus doing Spectra's dirty work.
And his Subterra Vulcan Bakugan
is the toughest I've ever seen!
Drago and I have a few surprises in store for him.
I just hope they're enough to win.
Bakugan Brawl!
See you there!